if you ever tried selling you might find
yourself in a situation where nobody
takes you seriously deep down on the
inside you might feel like you have the
best products and services but nobody
listens to what you have to say and it's
probably because you do not understand
the psychology of selling so in this
video I'm going to share with you the
darkest and most powerful psychological
sales hacks that you can use to play
tricks on the human mind to get people
to buy your stuff the first thing that
you must understand about the human mind
is that if there's no pain there is
simply no cell a lot of people they try
to push their features and benefits but
it just doesn't work why is that it's
because the strongest emotion to get
someone to take an action is actually
pain and the second strongest emotion to
get someone to take an action is going
to be pleasure so you want to mix these
concoctions together in order to
manipulate somebody's mind in order for
them to buy your things so how exactly
is this going to work well I've drawn a
simple diagram for you on the left side
you're going to see the prospect the
person that you're trying to sell to and
they are in a painful situation and on
the right side you're going to see their
dreams their aspirations their desires
what is it that they actually want in
life and obviously underneath you're
going to see water some kind of Gap some
kind of challenge that prevents this
person to get to where they want to go
so if you ever watch YouTube or you seen
you know people create content and they
try to make you buy something right
typically what they'll do they'll make
whatever situ situation you're in as
painful as possible for example right if
they were selling a business opportunity
like I'm going to teach you how to get
rich doing Shopify or Amazon or whatever
it is right they're going to say are you
tired of your 9 to-5 are you not treated
well are you not respected do you want
to find love and do you want to travel
the world and make money online and do
all these things so what are they doing
they first paint the picture of where
you're currently at and then from there
they'll contrast it with where you want
to go so these days most people want you
know basically the same things they want
to be able to make money they want to do
it online they want to work with whoever
they want wherever they want they want
to have the ability to travel the world
if they chose to do so and they want to
be their own boss right so that's two
contrasting situations one where
somebody's in pain the other one is
their dream life of what they've
imagined so when you see this content
online where people are flexing you know
working on the beach or like these
really big mansions and these nice cars
what are they doing they're
psychologically influencing you to make
you want to be like them right and going
to be like oh my God why am I still
living with my parents why do I do this
job that I don't even like I just want
to be free right and so when you put
those two together what's going to
happen they're going to think okay I'm
here right now I'm not having fun with
my life and on this other side this
other guy seems like he's doing really
good how do I get to where he is and
then they're going to have these
challenges of I don't know what business
to start I don't know how to do it
myself I've never sold anything in my
life right so all these challenges start
to pop up the moment they start thinking
about what if I could do it if you look
at the diagram again how you actually
sell is not by being salesy it's by
positioning yourself as the solution to
someone's pain because they already want
to go somewhere right you kind of have
an idea of what dream scenario they want
to create for themselves all you're
really doing is positioning yourself to
look like the best vehicle to get them
to where they want to go how you
actually dive deeper into this is that
you want to turn a small problem into a
really big problem and how do we do that
well I drew another diagram for you
there's three steps to this lat in pain
realize pain and an extreme pain so a
lat in pain is basically a pain somebody
has on the inside but they don't know
they have it for the most part people
live their everyday lives walking in
pain but they don't know for example if
somebody was working at a warehouse
right and they're just doing the same
thing every single day and one day A
robot's going to replace their job they
don't know that this is really a big
problem they just kind of Liv their life
and they just ended up there because
maybe their friend recommended they get
a job there and then down on the inside
when they go home they're probably
thinking like man this life was not for
me this life sucks but I don't know what
to do so I'm just going to keep
repeating my days over and over and then
they're going to distract themselves
with like video games at night watching
movies or doing this and that you know
like smoking weed right people fall into
the cycle of doing the same thing every
single day they get Numb by it and for
them to enjoy their life they have to
like turn to these vices in order to
feel something because they dread the
days when they have to go to work right
but they don't know that this is a
problem now from the outside looking in
right for someone who is successful and
they have the freedom to travel and all
these things they're going to say why
would you choose to live like that when
you could do so much more and in their
head they're going to think wait a
minute this guy did it I'm just as smart
as him I don't see why I can't do it
what I've done is I've taken this little
tiny problem I planted a seed in their
head to show them that hey you can do
more you just don't realize it yet and
now that problem they had of oh my job
is okay turns into I absolutely hate my
job I can't believe I'm doing this I
can't believe I'm going to waste my life
the next 10 years working at this
Factory when I could be traveling the
world and becoming the best version of
myself so now that latent pain that I
told you about a pain that someone
doesn't realize they have turns into a
realize pain they realize they have some
kind of problem right it's not enough to
get someone to realize they have a
problem because they're going to feel
like oh I have a problem now but it
doesn't mean I'm going to do anything
about it so the next step of the process
is to get that realize problem and turn
it into an extreme pain you want to make
it hurt so bad that if they do nothing
and they don't change their lives then
they're just going to be suffering
almost through hell every single day
when we go back to the first diagram and
you look at the left side where it shows
pain this guy is looking on the other
side he's thinking how do I do this you
know the Gap is so wide like I got to
figure this out but to get them to make
a decision more quickly you have to up
the stakes right so for example on the
left side if you you know put a fire
there and the whole you know left side
of this picture was like on fire or if
you put a monster there that's going to
eat them right they're going to be like
Oh I'm just going to jump in the water I
don't even care if I have a boat or
anything right they just jump because
the pain of staying there is so strong
that they'll just even do it by
themselves without any help and drown in
the water rather than die in the fire so
all you're really doing is positioning
right you're creating this scenario in
their head of where they are where they
want to go the challenges that they have
and then you put this really big problem
on the left side to make sure that they
feel like oh my God I got to do
something or else my life is going to be
terrible and by the way if you're
actually serious about learning all the
dark psychology tactics so that you can
sell more of your products and services
you definitely want to check out our
free group founder X link is in the
description where we're going to have a
lot of resources feedback for you and
really just help you out become a better
seller so link is in the description for
the founder x free school community so
now we're going to move into the next
step which is the how it's not enough
for you to tell somebody your feature
and benefits and how you're going to
help them number one they need to come
to the conclusion about this on their
own or feel like they did and number two
you have to position yourself in a very
clear way that shows them you're going
to get them to where they already want
to go how I personally do it when I'm
selling is I take all the pains the
problems the frustration the
hopelessness you know whatever negative
emotion somebody has and I reflect them
like a mirror but then I turn all these
negatives into positives so they're
problems I I got the solutions for this
their hopelessness I have the confidence
right their dark future of they do
nothing and they live life the same way
they've always been doing it I turn it
into this bright future of what could be
it's almost like you're selling a dream
right but the difference of between
selling a dream and selling something a
value is that you need to be able to
deliver on whatever it is that you
promise very important Point all right
so assuming that we're all ethical here
and we are going to actually make a
difference in someone's lives in a
positive way we are just reflecting all
of their problems and turning it into
Solutions when we go back to this graph
I love this graph because it's so simple
but it explains the whole process this
person has a problem and they looking at
you almost like an advisor right a
consultant to help them get to where
they want to go so if they are trying to
let's say Escape their 9 to5 and make
money online right then basically you
have to show that you're the best method
for them to learn the fundamentals of
how to make money online you need to
demonstrate that you've done it before
and you need to demonstrate that you've
helped other people also make money and
they're going to believe that you can
get them to the other side and you don't
have to sell anything because they will
come to that conclusion on their own
with your social proof of all the people
that you helped and because you framed
it in this particular way it's not like
you're just forcing something down your
throat it's not like you're pitching
them you're just saying like hey man I
totally get where you're coming from I
used to have a 9 to5 job myself but
here's what I did to change my situation
and here's how I'm living in the other
side of the world here in Vietnam uh
living my best life based on your
personality and skill sets I think I
might be able to help you would you like
to know more and of course they're going
to say yes so naturally when you're
taking somebody through this process
you're kind of holding their hand
through this entire sales process and
throughout the entire time they're going
to have these objections they're going
to think is this going to work for me
does it work for my particular skill
sets am I too old for this am I too
young for this what if I have a fulltime
job and I don't have time to work on
something on the side right all these
objections are going to come and this
will actually be your challenges right
so going back to the graph there's this
gap between where they are and where
they want to go and they're going to
have all these negative emotion in their
head telling them all the reasons why
they cannot do something it's your job
as someone who's selling to turn these
challenges into opportunities so if they
feel like they don't have enough time
and energy to do a 9 to-5 job and also
study a new skill set that they can sell
into the market well you have to ask
them like hey how many hours do you work
a day eight how many hours are in a day
24 so that's only 130 of per day and
you're going to sleep another third so
you have 1/3 left so if you took that
1/3 and you cut it in half and that's
the hours that you spent on your
business every single day that's about 4
hours a day so could you work on your
business at least two to four hours a
day every day for the next 3 months you
probably could and if you did that could
your life totally change it absolutely
could could it also not work yeah you
know if you don't put in the work in the
focus and you don't try absolutely but
it's up to you it is your life nobody
can do it for you except yourself I can
only show you the path but it's you who
has to walk it that's essentially how
you kind of paint this picture in
somebody's head for them to believe in
you that you can actually help them do
whatever it is you want to do now I'm
just using an example on top of my head
but if you're selling anything B2B the
same thing applies to any businesses you
know businesses want to make more money
they struggle with these things whether
it's running an ad creating content you
know whatever the case is and they need
your help and all these pains are always
going to be emotional like you cannot
say a business is not emotional because
business are run by people businesses
are owned by Founders and Founders are
very emotional right so you can always
tap into a person's emotions whether
you're selling to a large company or
you're selling to an individual person
now I'm going to show you how to close a
deal without having to negotiate I've
been trying different strategies I've
read many different books on
negotiations and there's many things
that do work but what's working really
well right now especially when it comes
to transactional sales and transactional
just means like things are very simple
like coaching Consulting and courses
things of that nature right where it's
like very straightforward when somebody
pays they know exactly what they get
like if you're going to run someone's
cold email campaigns you they pay you a
couple thousand dollars you do the work
right very simple so here's how you
close without negotiating and not
lowering your prices when you're on the
sales call you know you go through that
entire process you know you know where
they are you know where they want to go
you get them to the dream scenario right
they agree to everything and now it
comes to price they're going to say like
okay well everything sounds pretty good
Patrick but um now I guess it just comes
down to the pricing like to see if it's
worth it or not so let's say I'm
charging $3,000 per month retainer right
and I say sure based on everything we
talked so far and for your particular
plan where we're going to run your cold
emo campaigns the price is going to be
$3,000 per month and what am I doing
here I'm pausing I just pause I don't
say anything further I say it with such
confidence that when they hear that
they're thinking oh that was kind of
higher than I thought but subconsciously
they're thinking but the way he said it
that's probably what he charges
everybody and people probably pay it so
then they'll just pause and they'll
think for a second and they're going to
be like okay well it's more than I
wanted to spend but because he
understands me I think he can get the
results and if I make more money from
his Services then it's actually free so
what's going to end up happening is that
they're going to logically in their
heads try tojust justify their reasoning
so even though they didn't have the
budget for it originally they may try to
afford it now they may aspire to afford
it because they think it's worth it
right especially if you're selling
something that helps somebody save money
or make money technically you should be
free right like if someone's paying you
3K and you're making them 10K yeah
you're basically free but they take the
risk on you to give you a chance so by
pausing and just saying your price with
confidence and just letting them speak
they just end up not really negotiating
if they can find a way to afford it
right and so instead of them knocking
your price down they in their heads find
a way to afford it and a lot of times if
you're making somebody money they will
actually get the customer to pay for
your fees you know because if you're
sending cold emails and they got a
couple customers from it maybe they're
making a couple thousand from those
couple thousand they're going to pay
your $3,000 fee anyways so you always
want to put yourself in a situation
where it always feels like you're free
it always feels like you're providing
value you're helping you're not in
expense you're a revenue generating
Department for them right now I'll give
you another psychological tip that's
going to be extremely powerful for you
and that is telling relatable stories so
a story is one of the most powerful ways
to influence someone's decision- making
it's one of the best ways to get someone
to remember any facts or details about
your program or whatever it is that
you're selling a story right so a lot of
times when you're starting out
especially if you are doing any type of
service Consulting courses things where
you're teaching your skills you're kind
of using yourself as your testimonial as
your story in the beginning right so
let's say you know before I had a tech
sales job working in Silicon Valley so
when I started on YouTube I would just
teach people all the things I've learned
at my job so when I try to sell them I
would just say hey these are strategies
that work for me back when I was working
in Silicon Valley so I'm pretty sure if
you're working in Tech and you're trying
to get a job in Tech sales and make six
figures I'm pretty confident it's going
to work for you because I literally just
did it so that is a story that people
remember that's directly relevant to my
ideal customer so whatever it is that
you're selling whether you're selling
your experiences or Services just tell
how you did it and that itself will give
them all the confidence and what would
even take it to the next level is if you
have some clients who have some results
like let's say you help somebody get
their first client you help them with
their lead generation right all you have
to do is just tell the story of how you
did it where were they at when they
started with you and where are they at
now and then they're going to see like
what's going to happen is the prospect
in their head they're going to imagine
this little picture right obviously it's
not going to look like that but in their
head metaphorically it's going to be the
same they're going to think okay like
Patrick helped this guy who was in this
problem who was just like me and the
dream is let's say to start my own
business selling my skills which is
something I do right and then they're
going to be like okay who's some other
people that he helped okay this guy
seemed like he got his first client in
two weeks wow that that's pretty amazing
so how do I do it myself right and so
those kind of stories are the things
that push people forward to get them to
want to buy there's nothing more
powerful than a customer success story
that's why you see like you know in any
program they'll just put a wall of
testimonials right because it is social
proof it's building confidence it risk
you and when somebody gives you money
they feel confident that they're going
to get some kind of result at least now
the next tip I'm going to show you is a
very tactical dark psychology tip and it
really Taps into people's egos people's
character right so what it is is using
somebody's words against them so how
does this work let's say you're in a
deal and you're trying to get someone to
close on a quicker timeline everything's
going pretty well and you ask them like
hey man so based on everything we talked
about so far like is there anything else
you need to see before moving forward oh
no like everything sounds good Patrick
this is exactly what I wanted Okay cool
so because this is what you wanted when
do you think you can get started uh well
I I think I get started maybe um a month
from now okay uh pretty interesting
because from what you were saying
earlier you said that this is a really
good fit this is exactly what you wanted
and you know it seems like you want to
get started like right away but now
you're kind of saying that you want to
get started a month later so I'm not
understanding why you you need to wait a
month and you know if you need help or
time thinking about it maybe I can help
you think through it since we're on the
call right now usually they respond yeah
that that seems pretty fair that's a
pretty good question oh well you know I
guess I needed some time to think it
over about just wanted to make sure that
the program was right for me it could
solve my problems whatever right so
let's say you handle the objection and
now the objections are clear and then
you do it again you say okay well now
that we handle that and it seems like
you don't need to think it over anymore
right so obviously we don't have to wait
a whole month is there anything else you
need to see before moving forward oh no
that that's pretty much everything
that's that's everything I want to cover
so there's nothing that's like stopping
you from going through with the program
no not at all okay so could you get
started
now and then you just pause right
because they're not expecting this
they're going to be like oh shoot like
that's uh I don't know like you know
they're just going to like all these
thoughts are going to flow in their head
and they're going to be like oh well how
do you how do you like take payment I'll
be like oh credit card I'll send you a
link and you can just uh get start right
away and it we'll on board you as soon
as possible and then they'll think about
it and they'll say oh no I can't because
you know I would prefer to do it next
week okay well you said you kind of want
to begin and you have the opportunity to
begin this is something you say you
actually want I'm just not understanding
like what's going to happen within that
week so that now they have to tell you
the truth you put them in the corner
right because you use what they said
against them they said they wanted to
get started this is a perfect fit they
can get started now then you ask them
for payment they didn't pay so why not
they said they would and so you're using
their words against them yes and they're
going to eventually tell you the truth
cuz prospects always lie whether they
realize it or not and a lot of times
when you talk to people they they sound
super excited on the phone like oh my
God like this is going to be so good but
then when it comes down to it to
actually pay a lot of times they just
disappear right happens all the time so
you just have to accept that like take a
stoic approach and be like hey like I
already know they're going to lie
whether they realize or not so I'm going
to use this against them for them to get
to the truth and that's how I would do
it now is this manipulative I wouldn't
say so because at the end of the day
your goal is actually to help them right
like if you're selling some kind of
transformation that's going to like
completely change your life for the
better why wouldn't you want them to get
started sooner otherwise what if they
never get started and they stay down the
same path they're always on and 10 years
later they might regret it so if you
truly believe in your products and
services that you're selling something
that is transformative that brings value
in someone's life yeah then I would use
all these tactics I wouldn't you know
the way I packaged this video it's like
dark psychology and whatever right and
the lights are all red but in reality
all it really is it's just helping
people and it's just convincing them to
buy your services and as long as what
you're doing is ethical and you're
actually delivering on every promise
that you made then the reality is
there's really nothing dark about
this for